[Music]
so Google finally announced their pixel
3a and pixel 3a XL phones these are
phones that start at $400 their new mid
tier phones which on paper when you
first look at it the reaction might be
like these are not particularly
impressive phones right if you look at
the market right now in 2019 there are a
lot of really competitive phones at that
price point for 400 bucks you get stuff
like the redmi note 7 you can get the
pakka phone both of those are quite a
bit cheaper than 400 bucks even the
Samsung s10 II if you go on eBay right
now you can get this thing for like 480
bucks which is not that far away from
$400 and if you look at the paper specs
of any of these phones they just wipe
the floor with the newly announced pixel
38 but this new Google phone is doing
something a little bit different so
Google this time around they made a
phone that kept manufacturing costs as
low as they could so instead of a metal
and glass body it's using plastic it
doesn't have IP water resistance it's
still probably water resistant to some
degree like it's not going to melt when
you use it in the rain but they didn't
spend the money to get that thing
officially certified for an IP rating it
has no stereo speakers it has no
wireless charging and it also has a very
mid to your processor so if you care a
lot about specs you probably aren't
interested in this phone because the
moment you start looking at the Giga
Hertz the Giga bytes the Giga flops the
Giga anything the moment you look at
those specs this phone is done if you
live in Asia you're probably not
interests in this phone because a lot of
the options out there in that 4 or $500
range are just so much better on paper
than the pixel 3 8 it really does have a
lot of mediocre features it does have a
headphone jack and it does have Google's
super clean software but most
importantly the thing that Google is
banking on is that it has the famous
pixel 3 camera in a $400 phone this is a
device that has a killer camera in a
relatively inexpensive package see in
this mid tier market in that 400 - kind
of $550 price point there are a lot of
phones that have kind of flagship
features in a very nice-looking package
often with glass and aluminum and they
finish off the package with a camera
that's kind of good - very good it still
takes very respectable photos but it's
not a camera that's best-in-class and
that type of model where they do that
kind of setup with the mid tier pricing
and kind of great features and all that
stuff with a mid tier camera that
a very common model a lot of phone
companies have done that some companies
out there have built their entire
business around flagship killing right
they take these really high-end specs
and they price it for a mid tier price
point and then they package it with that
not so perfect camera the pixel 3a does
the opposite mid tier specs simple
aesthetics but it's rocking the best
all-around camera or at least arguably
the best all-around camera in the
smartphone market right now it delivers
an amazing camera experience for 400
bucks and for some people that's really
the most important thing on their phone
like now instead of spending six hundred
seven hundred eight hundred dollars to
get a top-tier camera on a smart phone
they come has been four hundred dollars
I don't care about the specs they don't
care about any of that stuff they just
want a really good camera for that money
and that's Google's idea right you
deliver a phone like this for 400 bucks
the problem however is that the market
is shifting quite rapidly so in January
of 2019 when there were first rumors of
this device I thought that the price
point of around $450 would have cut it
like I thought at 450 if Google can sell
it for that price they'd be good but the
market has shifted in the six months or
so a lot of the flagship phones have
come down in price now I still think
that pixel 3a is gonna do really well at
least a lot better than the original
pixel devices could have done just
because the price is just it's quite
attractive and you do get two or three
relatively unique features with this
phone you get the great camera obviously
you get a headphone jack which is
increasingly rare in 2019 and you also
get Google's software like the fact that
they update quickly the fact that it's
relatively lightweight it's a great
package in my opinion for a lot of
people anyways I'm excited for the pixel
3 or not it's not like something that I
want to purchase personally but I think
it's gonna move a lot I think a lot of
people enjoy the phone but if you're
interested in buying one I just you got
to know what you're losing and you got
to know what you're gaining for that 400
bucks okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it subs if you'd
love to see you guys next time